NASA 2020
PREPARING ARTEMIS I FOR THE MOON
TEST FIRING OUR POWERFUL ROCKET
PLANNING COMMERCIAL SCIENCE MISSIONS TO THE MOON
PREPPING A ROVER TO SEARCH FOR WATER ON THE MOON
DEVELOPING OUR ORBITAL OUTPOST IN LUNAR ORBIT
TRYING OUT OUR NEXT-GENERATION SPACESUIT
LAUNCHING AMERICAN ASTRONAUTS FROM THE U.S.
BOEING AND SPACEX LAUNCH FROM FLORIDA
CARRYING ASTRONAUTS TO THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION
OUR HOME IN ORBIT
A UNIQUE LAB FOR SCIENCE
PREPARING ASTRONAUTS FOR LONGER JOURNEYS
DEVELOPING A LOW-EARTH ORBIT ECONOMY
IN THE 20TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF HUMANS IN ORBIT
EXPLORING BEYOND THE EARTH AND MOON
A NEW ROVER LAUNCHES TO MARS
CARRYING A HELICOPTER AND A NEW MISSION NAME
GRABBING A SAMPLE FROM AN ASTEROID
LAUNCHING A NEW INTERNATIONAL MISSION TO STUDY THE SUN
INNOVATION FOR EXPLORATION
AN OXYGEN-GENERATING EXPERIMENT ON MARS
CONNECTING CUBESATS IN ORBIT
WITH ONE POWERED BY WATER
PIONEERING FLIGHT
OUR FIRST ALL-ELECTRIC PLANE
DEVELOPING A QUIET SUPERSONIC TEST PLANE
DEVELOPING TRAFFIC CONTROL FOR DRONES
MILESTONES
30 YEARS
A TELESCOPE THAT REWROTE TEXTBOOKS
50 YEARS
A MISSION THAT PROVED A ‘SUCCESSFUL FAILURE’
CELEBRATING OUR HOME PLANET
ARE YOU READY?
WE ARE